ah so now we are officially recording
Sevilla so right now I am here with
Aneta Lucero and I am here to have a
quick one-minute conversation about her
book tell us what it's about Aneta
well that's actually a interesting
question because I don't know that it's
about anything this is a collection of
my thoughts and stories and vignettes
and things that have happened in my life
in my philosophical way of approaching
tragedy and triumph and everything in
between
and I I don't even recall writing this
book it kind of wrote itself I just
started collecting things that I was
posting and saying and stories that I
had written in my blog and and then I
had a magical thing happens where a
publisher just flat out landed in my lap
I didn't know how to get a publisher or
how to do anything and it just all came
together and he said send me everything
that you've ever written and I send in
the half-done autobiography and just
these musings and some other things and
he said that's the ticket right there
these musings are something and he
helped me organize it and put it
together and I even enjoy reading it
even though I know all of the stories
and I've read them over and over again
and as I've been writing them well what
would you hope people like get out of
this book you know when they pick it up
when they read it what what it's a
couple things okay
I think that the thing that is most
poignant about the book is that you
realize that nobody's special and
everybody's special we can get on a kick
of thinking like oh you know people tell
me all the time oh you're so special
oh you're my role model or whatever but
if you read the stories in the book and
find where I'm coming from I have such a
struggle my entire life but trying to
even believe that I was worthy of living
and you don't know what others are are
feeling at any time and you may think
that somebody has fame or celebrity or
they've got it all together
there is no getting it all together
you're not you're not alone if you think
that you're not making it or you have to
make it to find something better in life
there is no making it
there's only making it and there is no
making it in contrast it's a constant
tug-of-war and I think in this book you
see that I find that I find that there
is no one cider or other I find that
there's only ever something in the
middle and the thing that you find in
the middle is yourself which there is no
self mm-hmm but the stories are funny
and heartbreaking and wonderful and
they're just whatever I think this
little meet talk to me is or isn't cool
well at this point you can go on Amazon
and literally just type in the towel
winning and just as a side benefit you
could also use Amazon smile and support
your favorite charity I would say the
international jugglers Association or
fund the floors well yeah you can go buy
this on Amazon we're going to transition
from this point to a conversation that
you would have to be one of my patreon
subscribers give me a dollar basically a
mic you can watch it and I go by the
book
yes that one yet you